# Another Trippy Night

So, settling for another trippy night - and figured why not leave Obsidian open, and see what things I end up writing, if at all.

One thing I am trying to do, is explore setting up panels in Obsidian more, and making better use of that. Now I'm realizing that you can drag things around to rearrange them.

So currently, my pane setup is 
- Daily Note as the main thing, and pinned.
- Preview Mode narrow on the right
- Bottom is where new links will open up into, and in edit mode for now
- with backlinks for the new note next to it.

This way I can keep writing in here as my train of thought, but if I wanted to say, flesh out some stuff about [[alva noto]], then why not?.

When thinking about Digital Gardens, I guess this is my Digital Sound Garden - and I have been curious about how I might use music as a mnemonic device, or like a memory palace.

## Anyways, something for [[The Playlist]]

Currently listening to [[Patterns of Perception 72 - Tammo Hesselink]], I've been subscribed to the [[Patterns of Perception]] podcast for along time now, and generally like the really trippy weird stuff that they tend to put out. 

It's introduced me to a lot of artists that I wouldn't have known about before. For example, no idea who [[Tammo Hasselink]] is - but have been really enjoying this set.

When I was just writing the note [[202011272107 Patterns of Perception as Artist Discovery|Patterns of Perception as Artist Discovery]] - the "as Artist Discovery" jumped out at me.

## [[202011272118 X as Artist Discovery|X as Artist Discovery]]  

Ok, feeling the shrooms a bit now.

Another for [[The Playlist]]
### [[Hyperterranean 001 with Garçon]]

really enjoying this one so far.




